README.md, before:

# :drop_of_blood: Blood-Bank-Management-System 
This website acts like a medium/an intermediate between hospitals/clinics and donors/receivers.

## Basic functionalities:
This project is created for two users: Donors/Receivers and Hospitals/Clinics(Doctors), where a Hospital user can add blood sample to their blood bank, request for blood, check status of their request, update their details, etc. The donor/receiver can also do the same.
 
## :information_source: Languages/technologies used:
1. Frontend: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript.
2. Backend: Database-MySQL.
3. Frontend-Backend connection: PHP.

## :exclamation: Requirements
1. Xampp Software
2. Sublime text/Visual studio code software or any software supporting php, html, css
3. Java Jdk

## :question: How to start?
1. Download this code as a zip file.
2. Place this entire folder in htdocs, in xampp(xampp path, installed as per your installation). 
3. Open Xampp server, start Apache, MySQL.
4. In the MySQL row, select Admin.
5. Create a database with name "bloodbank" in phpmyadmin. Import the sql file from sql folder.
6. Open main.php in Sublime text/Visual studio code, on right click copy file path.
7. Paste it on any web browser and clear everything before folder name, type "localhost".
8. Ready to go!
 
## :information_source: The file named:
1. 'css' contains the files for the front end pages style.
2. 'file' contains the files for the backend connections.
3. 'image' and 'jastimage' contains images used in the front end.
4. 'sql' contains the database file that has to be imported.

## :family_man_woman_boy_boy: Team:
- Chandana G V - [Chandana](https://github.com/Chandana047)
- Rithish Reddy - [Rithish](https://github.com/Rithish7007)
- Balaji Subash - [Subash](https://github.com/gbsubash)
- SriHarsha - [Harsha](https://github.com/Sriharshajasti123)

## ✉️ Have an issues or a bug? Would like to contact?
Report [here](https://github.com/Chandana047/Blood-Bank-Management-System/issues)

## If you liked the project and found it helpful
Give a start 😄:star:

Commit message:

(Fork) Refactor: Moved code to src folder, moved README

README.md, after:

# :drop_of_blood: Blood-Bank-Management-System

**A fork of the project for honing deployment skills. The entire text below is the original description from the project authors. All rights to the project belong to its developers, as indicated in the "Team" section.**

This website acts like a medium/an intermediate between hospitals/clinics and donors/receivers.

## Basic functionalities:
This project is created for two users: Donors/Receivers and Hospitals/Clinics(Doctors), where a Hospital user can add blood sample to their blood bank, request for blood, check status of their request, update their details, etc. The donor/receiver can also do the same.
 
## :information_source: Languages/technologies used:
1. Frontend: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript.
2. Backend: Database-MySQL.
3. Frontend-Backend connection: PHP.

## :exclamation: Requirements
1. Xampp Software
2. Sublime text/Visual studio code software or any software supporting php, html, css
3. Java Jdk

## :question: How to start?
1. Download this code as a zip file.
2. Place this entire folder in htdocs, in xampp(xampp path, installed as per your installation). 
3. Open Xampp server, start Apache, MySQL.
4. In the MySQL row, select Admin.
5. Create a database with name "bloodbank" in phpmyadmin. Import the sql file from sql folder.
6. Open main.php in Sublime text/Visual studio code, on right click copy file path.
7. Paste it on any web browser and clear everything before folder name, type "localhost".
8. Ready to go!
 
## :information_source: The file named:
1. 'css' contains the files for the front end pages style.
2. 'file' contains the files for the backend connections.
3. 'image' and 'jastimage' contains images used in the front end.
4. 'sql' contains the database file that has to be imported.

## :family_man_woman_boy_boy: Team:
- Chandana G V - [Chandana](https://github.com/Chandana047)
- Rithish Reddy - [Rithish](https://github.com/Rithish7007)
- Balaji Subash - [Subash](https://github.com/gbsubash)
- SriHarsha - [Harsha](https://github.com/Sriharshajasti123)

## ✉️ Have an issues or a bug? Would like to contact?
Report [here](https://github.com/Chandana047/Blood-Bank-Management-System/issues)

## If you liked the project and found it helpful
Give a start 😄:star:
